There were 40 reviews on Yelp since 2012-11-20
Here they are: 
2016-12-30 | (100%)Philip D. Said: 
Came here yesterday (Dec 29th) with a group of friends. Had been before and knew it was good. Started with coffee (americano) to wake up a bit before the rest of our group arrived and it was really good - hearty strong flavor, not the pissy coffee-flavored water you get in some places. Was lovely! 

Next ordered the boneless chicken wings in satay sauce. Absolutely mouth-wateringly incredible. Nearly made a show of myself licking the bowl out at the end but I opted to use some flatbread to mop up the leftovers instead. 

Then the pizza arrived. Prosciutto, mascarpone, olives, cherry tomatoes and rockett. VERY generous topping of delicious prosciutto. This place definitely doesn't skimp on toppings. Took half of it home and had for breakfast the next day and it was unreal!!!!! Quite possibly one of the best pizza experiences I've ever had (and pizza is my Achilles heal, I love the stuff). 

The only thing that kinda fell short was the mac n' cheese. Was kinda bland but honestly, the rest more than made up for it.

I really hope this place doesn't change in the future, they're spot on with their food, servings and service. Love it here!!! 
2016-10-09 | (100%)Sam C. Said: 
Tasty food, pretty staff.

Witnessed a privileged middle age man complain to multiple staff members that the price of sauv blanc was increased! 
2016-08-30 | (100%)Mark C. Said: 
The first time I went here, I loved it,
I ordered the chicken wings with bones because you get more meat in them and omg I loved them so i orederd another batch for myself ha.
The toilets are so cool, it's like walking into narnia but without the coats and the snow (that would be cool) 
They have cocktails there and they are nice, there is one cocktail called bré, i didn't like it because the vodka was very strong in it and I hate that paint strip.
It's a lovely cool restaurant 
2016-08-28 | (60%)Sean G. Said: 
Disappointed after last visit.  They got the order wrong and the pizza didn't taste as good as the previous iterations. The base wasn't great and felt stodgy.

I probably won't rush back but I hope they get it together. They are so busy which might have a bearing on quality control. 
2016-08-11 | (40%)Christopher H. Said: 
I gotta say I was very disappointed after my last visit to Platform. The pizza has certainly slipped in regards to quality and attention to detail. Toppings were sloppy and overly salty, and the pizza was undercooked. We were practically ignored by the waitstaff, even after they brought plates that weren't clean for us to share our pizza on. I don't see my self eating here again soon. 
2016-07-19 | (80%)Jenny C. Said: 
I was invited out for dinner with the girls, who are all religious Platform eaters and was told to come with an empty stomach and be ready for a treat- boy where they not wrong. 
We were seated in a lovely little alcove that allowed us to have the chats and catch up in a little bit of privacy and the atmosphere was comfortable and laid back.
The girls all had their recommendations for what to order and I honestly didn't believe it when they told me that the lasagna is served on a clay dish that's been baked in bread... I managed to see this with my own eyes and cursed the day I found out I'm lactose intolerant!
I ordered the Tiger prawns, spinach & mozzarella pizza (€14) and a side of crispy rosemary potatoes (€3) and I was more than stuffed afterwards. There was a selection of wings, flatbread and salads also ordered at the table and everything looked, smelled and tasted delicious. 
The only reason I took a star off this one was because I've heard about how busy it gets and the joke is that you need to book week's in advance for a table. The girls commented that it was quiet for a Wednesday evening- something I found funny as the place was hopping. This need to book a table can put me off a place, even if they do serve the biggest prawns I've ever seen on a pizza. I guess I'll just need to plan ahead for a visit. 
2016-07-17 | (100%)Andrew H. Said: 
Highly recommend this seaside restaurant. On 20 mins from Powerscourt. Pizza was excellent. Interior was funky and casual. Parking on the street was tight on a Saturday in July but the city offers free parking just a few blocks away. 
2016-07-14 | (100%)Morten D. Said: 
We had a wonderful lunch with a very good menu for the kids and delicious burrito and burger for the grown ups. The interior is very cool and creative. The prices were very fair (inexpensive) 
2016-05-07 | (60%)John C. Said: 
I used to love coming here and in the past I would have happily given it a 4 star review on a good day.

The waitress was a lovely girl, very chatty and friendly. We came here for lunch and got a pitcher of what was meant to be Pink Grapefruit but I suspect was actually strawberry lemonade instead. It tasted nice and I was really thirsty so it took its place on the table without complaint.

The pizza and the fish salad were both pretty good but once our plates were taken away so was our table service. There were 4 staff members running around the floor with that Knorr Quick Soup 'look busy walk fast - don't stop me now' sort of look going on and our wonderful waitress had disappeared like Debbie McGee into one of Paul Daniels boxes of illusion - she had simply vanished into thin air. 

I pride myself on being a fair person but after failing to catch the eye of any of the remaining staff or their attention (It would have been easier to ask Usain Bolt for his autograph during a 100metre sprint) we just gave up on the idea of coffee altogether and made our way up to the register to settle the bill. It was at this precise moment our lovely waitress re-entered the scene and the magic show ended. Ta D'ah!

The restaurant wasnt really that busy and it wouldnt have taken much effort for the person who took our plates away to offer us a dessert menu, we assumed they would be back. But its true what they say about assumption - its simply the mother of all Feck Ups. Substitute the "E" for  a dirty "U" at your own discretion, if you so wish!

So the food was good and the service was good for some of the duration but not so good for the final leg. If this restaurant trip would be comparable to a Ryanair flight, then the staff were too busy selling scratch cards to other passengers to notice the guy and girl looking for a cup of instant Kenco. (Que Annoying Bugle music) 
2016-04-24 | (100%)Rebecca W. Said: 
Still my favourite place. Problem is that once you have a meal here, no other pizza place compares! 
So many vegan, dairy-free, vegetation and coeliac options too. 
Vegan pizza is my personal favourite. Just love this place! 
2016-03-31 | (80%)Alex A. Said: 
My girlfriend and I found ourselves here late one night when other places had closed for dinner. I was skeptical at first - the place seemed trendy and leaning toward the youthful side. The club music was thumping at quite a volume, but not so much that we couldn't have a conversation or for it to be a distraction. The ambiance is completed by heavy stone walls, wooden tables, and a bathroom through a wardrobe.

We ordered a pair of beers and decided on what to eat. My girlfriend ordered the calamari and prawns and I ordered the Moroccan flatbread. As soon as the first bite hit my mouth, I found myself in surprise. It was delicious! And huge! I think of flatbreads and calamari as appetizers, but each of these were entrée-sized. I guess they're intended to be shared which we did, but they were like whole meals each. The flatbread had large pieces of hand-torn chicken on it and the spicy sauce was served on the side so you could add as little or as much as you want.

We didn't really have any expectations going into the meal. We just needed a late dinner in Bray, but we were very satisfied overall. The service was good too. I would go back, should I find myself in Bray again. 
2016-03-19 | (100%)Sarah S. Said: 
Another review of Platform Pizza... I can't give anything but a five!

We brought my fiancé's little brother this time.

Thanks to a delay in finishing our drinks at Brew Dock on Amiens Street we missed a DART and ended up being 15 minutes late but there was no issue raised which I find really impressive. 

We were sat across from the entrance to Narnia (the toilet!) so got a better photo of it this time :) 

For starters we shared some of the boneless chicken wings. We chose the Bootleg (sweet smoky BBQ sauce) and Caribbean Jerk (Mellow Jamaican Jerk seasoning) wings... They were sweet, tangy and had just a little kick. They went really nice with the Craigie's Ballyhook Flyer cider I drank to start. 

For main I ordered the same pizza as last time - goats cheese, mozzarella, pancetta, walnuts and maple syrup. I should really apologise to them again - I'm so fussy as I don't like tomato sauce based pizza and so I ordered it without. Unfortunately it came out with tomato sauce. They had no problem at all swapping it over - they really were so good about it but I still feel guilty as I hate being one of "those" people that make a fuss.

We also got a side of the sweet potato fries - crispy, sweet and so yum. 

The pizza was as good as first visit so the food is consistently excellent. There were three v clean boards. 

Then it came to dessert. Fiancé's brother wanted the pecan pie but I suggested ordering the Nutella pizza. I didn't realise it was so big until we were ordering it and Kate (I think that was her name, she was excellent!) advised that it's the size of their pizzas with a slightly different base. We agreed we'd share that between the three of us and if there was any left then we could take the rest home. The pizza is served with strawberries and ice cream...

I am not ashamed to tell you there was none to bring home in the box - another empty board! It was absolutely amazing - chocolate lover's nirvana!!! 

The second visit (its actually my third visit it a quick stop to pick up a takeaway pizza counts) was as good if not better than our first. I can only tell you that the food is delicious, the staff are lovely and it's well worth a visit out of the city to try here! 
2016-02-18 | (80%)James M. Said: 
Great place if you want to get out of town for a meal .

Very cool interior design , with the door to the toilet being a wardrobe that you step into! 

Went for the bbq pizza which was fresh and very nice . However avoid the boneless chicken wings as they tasted a bit unnatural funnily enough. 
2016-02-07 | (100%)Lauren B. Said: 
Fantastic pizza so many choices and even better cocktails. Service was fast and friendly which was very much appreciated! 

Loving the bathrooms something different and funky definitely suits the place. Looking forward to my next visit ! 
2016-02-01 | (100%)C F. Said: 
Pros:
- The best way to end a trail hike from Greystones to Bray
- They specialize in their flatbreads and pizza; I went with the chicken pizza with fresh salad.
- It's nice to eat something delicious and not feel gross/like I've eaten a triangle grease.
- Great vibe and decor inside and a lot of seating.

Cons:
- The bathrooms are really weird! 
2015-09-22 | (80%)DeeDee B. Said: 
Really cool stop to drop in for a delicious pizza. It's just off the beach with great view and outdoor dining in a sunny day.  Thin crust pizzas that are very very tasty.  No sorting here on the quality. A hidden gem in Bray. 
2015-09-03 | (100%)Eoin D. Said: 
The most famous pizza place outside of Dublin city centre. This is one not to miss! Really funky interior, always buzzing, great tunes. Staff are very friendly (I used to be one a few years back, swear I'm not biased). Food is amazing too - it's not just a pizza place either. It's got chicken, steak, fish. Caters to everyone really. Great kids menu too. Cocktail and craft beer menu is ace too. 
2015-09-02 | (60%)Ross O. Said: 
I had the meatballs to start which were...ok I guess, I only got three in a bowl with a lot of sauce and several slices of bread. I suppose it was ok for a starter but I would have expected something a bit more special, it definitely felt and tasted like something I could have made myself at home.

For the main I got a blue cheese pizza but again it wasn't as impactful as the blue cheese and pear pizza you would get in Skinflint off Dame Street, which is a similar place seemingly looking for the same clientele "hipster and cool". That's not to say there was anything wrong with the pizza, it just didn't wow me as a restaurant with seemingly 'wierd and funky' pizza selections should.

Drink selection I had the craft cider and they seemingly do a good few craft beers.

Overall, the place is nice and there isn't anything fundamentally wrong with it, I just wouldn't feel I HAD to go there again. 
2015-08-17 | (100%)Ronan B. Said: 
Brilliant pizza, worth the trip. They do both gluten-free (which I haven't tried) and spelt-base which is brilliant. Can't tell it's low in gluten, it's just simply delicious. 
I had the chicken wings the 1st trip which were a bit fatty, mentioned it on the 2nd trip and they made sure they were lovely. 
Great atmosphere and great value 
2015-08-12 | (100%)Corey K. Said: 
My wife and I ended our afternoon/evening in Bray (after fueling up at Harbour Bar) at the Platform Pizza Bar, and were pleasantly surprised at how good it was. The place was super busy, so the host sent us next door for a beer/cocktail, and even checked in on us to be sure he knew where to find us and that we had a drink while we waited. After a short wait of maybe 10 minutes (as promised), we were seated. Really cool atmosphere. We couldn't decide between two different pizzas, so our server offered to make a "half and half". One was goats cheese, mozzarella, pancetta, walnuts and maple syrup, and the other was prosciutto, mascarpone, buffalo mozzerella, tomato, black olive and rocket. Both halves were AMAZING! 
2015-08-17 | (100%)Ronan B. Said: 
Brilliant pizza, worth the trip. They do both gluten-free (which I haven't tried) and spelt-base which is brilliant. Can't tell it's low in gluten, it's just simply delicious. 
I had the chicken wings the 1st trip which were a bit fatty, mentioned it on the 2nd trip and they made sure they were lovely. 
Great atmosphere and great value 
2015-09-03 | (100%)Eoin D. Said: 
The most famous pizza place outside of Dublin city centre. This is one not to miss! Really funky interior, always buzzing, great tunes. Staff are very friendly (I used to be one a few years back, swear I'm not biased). Food is amazing too - it's not just a pizza place either. It's got chicken, steak, fish. Caters to everyone really. Great kids menu too. Cocktail and craft beer menu is ace too. 
2015-06-11 | (100%)Chris S. Said: 
If you want to have the best pizza, and eat it in a unique atmosphere; this is the place to be!

The interior has a train station theme to it, with signs and all. The menu reflects this as well, which is just fantastic I think, really great.

The pizza's I have eaten here are just the best I've eaten so far, and there are many to chose from; so we'll just have to come back! 
2015-09-02 | (60%)Ross O. Said: 
I had the meatballs to start which were...ok I guess, I only got three in a bowl with a lot of sauce and several slices of bread. I suppose it was ok for a starter but I would have expected something a bit more special, it definitely felt and tasted like something I could have made myself at home.

For the main I got a blue cheese pizza but again it wasn't as impactful as the blue cheese and pear pizza you would get in Skinflint off Dame Street, which is a similar place seemingly looking for the same clientele "hipster and cool". That's not to say there was anything wrong with the pizza, it just didn't wow me as a restaurant with seemingly 'wierd and funky' pizza selections should.

Drink selection I had the craft cider and they seemingly do a good few craft beers.

Overall, the place is nice and there isn't anything fundamentally wrong with it, I just wouldn't feel I HAD to go there again. 
2015-08-05 | (100%)Jonathan W. Said: 
Visited here with 2 friends on 2/8/15. 3rd time here. Due to last minute rearranging, we needed a table for 3, rather than 2 - as per reservation. Restaurant was extremely busy when we arrived. No problems adding an extra person. Staff are all superb. Every one of them. You will not be disappointed. Breath of fresh air. The decor, layout and atmosphere are so cool.
I had the amazing breakfast pizza (it was 8pm, did i care? No!!), and 2 Bulmers. My friends had a glass of red each. 2 starters, 2 mains. Fabulous.
Total was €52, great value. 
Oh, and the bathroom location is eh.....fairly unique for those who haven't experienced Platform Pizza yet. Adds to the brilliance of the place. 
All I'll say is....go....just go!! Superb. 
2016-07-17 | (100%)Andrew H. Said: 
Highly recommend this seaside restaurant. On 20 mins from Powerscourt. Pizza was excellent. Interior was funky and casual. Parking on the street was tight on a Saturday in July but the city offers free parking just a few blocks away. 
2014-09-02 | (100%)Icaro S. Said: 
GREAT gluten free pizza, and not forgetting about the chicken wings amazing, the place is near at the dart station? So makes everything much easier, the decoration is so cool, in the entrance is a classic pub, in the back becomes a warehouse, but not forcing anything 
2013-08-10 | (80%)Lisa J. Said: 
We discovered this little gem of a place on our way back to the dart station in Bray. Unassuming at first we noticed once we went inside how quirky and conversationally different this place is.  The toilets are through a wardrobe and even being inside the toilets makes you want to linger a while to read the newspaper articles on the wall.  At least here you don't need to bring your own reading material, they supply it!
I ordered the flatbread with falafel and rocket and they also added some chorizo at no extra cost!  Also it only cost €7 so was real good value.
My daughters shared a kids pizza which was only €6 and i'm so glad i didn't order two of them as it was huge!
The waiter that served us was very nice and helpful, he was patient with the gang of us and had no problem serving us outside as we had a wee westie with us. 
2015-02-16 | (100%)Brando D. Said: 
This restaurant is the coolest most modern place to be! My inner hipster was immediately attracted to the exterior and interior (especially the fact that the Toilets are in a wardrobe) and the food was excellent. Service was lovely and helpful and the facility was sparkling clean.
Be there or be square! 
2015-09-22 | (80%)DeeDee B. Said: 
Really cool stop to drop in for a delicious pizza. It's just off the beach with great view and outdoor dining in a sunny day.  Thin crust pizzas that are very very tasty.  No sorting here on the quality. A hidden gem in Bray. 
2015-08-12 | (100%)Corey K. Said: 
My wife and I ended our afternoon/evening in Bray (after fueling up at Harbour Bar) at the Platform Pizza Bar, and were pleasantly surprised at how good it was. The place was super busy, so the host sent us next door for a beer/cocktail, and even checked in on us to be sure he knew where to find us and that we had a drink while we waited. After a short wait of maybe 10 minutes (as promised), we were seated. Really cool atmosphere. We couldn't decide between two different pizzas, so our server offered to make a "half and half". One was goats cheese, mozzarella, pancetta, walnuts and maple syrup, and the other was prosciutto, mascarpone, buffalo mozzerella, tomato, black olive and rocket. Both halves were AMAZING! 
2014-05-18 | (60%)Rachel M. Said: 
Ye the pizza is pretty nice, they've done a great job on the interior with the toilet in the wardrobe..... Pizza is pizza though. 
2014-04-12 | (100%)Fiona J. Said: 
Well done on winning Best Pizza in Ireland, guys! Very well deserved :D 
2014-03-30 | (100%)Spencer C. Said: 
Was here last night. Never eaten in Bray before but was pleasantly surprised. Really nice quirky decor and styling of the restaurant and menus all based on being right beside Bray DART station. Good selection of pizzas and other choices on the menu, decided to get the breakfast pizza myself and raspberry iced tea. Loved the styling of the prices as 12, 9 3/4, 10 1/2 etc. Like train platforms. Bathroom hidden in what looks like a train wardrobe for a bit of fun. 

Food was absolutely delicious, super thin Italian base, never had a pizza crust that I enjoyed the taste of so much before! Really fresh tasting ingredients and the tea was also perfectly flavoured. All presented really nicely on bug boards. 

Staff were very friendly and helpful and service was perfect. Prices were very reasonable also. Can't wait to go again and to bring others. 
2015-01-03 | (80%)Peter W. Said: 
Well worth a visit if you're a pizza fan. Decor is quirky/hipster. Staff were sound. 2 of us shared the smoked chicken pizza, moroccan chicken flatbread and spinach, pancetta and walnut salad. This all ended up being too much food for us. The flavours in the salad worked great together, the flatbread was tasty and the pizza was very good. 
2014-11-08 | (100%)Stephen O. Said: 
Love this place. Pizzas are amazing. The flavours are so unique. The pancetta and goats cheese pizza is my favourite. Don't forget to try the strawberry lemonade. I'm already counting down to my next visit. 
2015-01-04 | (60%)Ashok D. Said: 
I don't know what all the fuss is about? Heard so much about this place that had to visit with family. Ordered two pizzas, one soup, three side dishes. Soup was really good - the rest of the items were average- nothing to rave about at all like others have been raving. Decor and ambience are a cut above. In summary, sure, nice place, ok food, friendly and prompt service, prices reasonable. Would we go back? Sure - but it doesn't replace our "usual". 
2015-05-30 | (100%)C K. Said: 
There again this evening. Wings were great again. Best however was the special pizza. I would not normally go for a special at all, but they seemed to have put some thought and testing into this one. Fantastic !!!!  Service is just amazing, great teamwork. Well done !!! 
2014-03-18 | (80%)Micah C. Said: 
We had friends in town this weekend from the states so we were on a mission to show them all the sites but also make sure they experienced the variety of restaurants that Dublin has to offer. We had a few of our go to places thrown in (Birdcage Bakery, El Bahia, The Taphouse, Irish Village Markets, etc) but wanted to throw in a new place or two as well. I've had Platform Pizza bookmarked for a while but we usually eat before we do the Cliff Walk between Greystone and Bray so it's just never been the right time. Well this past Saturday proved to be one of the nicest weather days to date so we opted to take our time getting back to Dublin and finally give Platform a go. We wondered in around half 2 and of course did not have a booking for our party of six. Luckily, the manager was able to clear off some space near the window and we were promptly seated. There were a lot of tempting dishes on the menu but we were pretty hungry so made our decisions in no time. J and I opted for the Super Salad with grilled asparagus, broccoli, red onion, baby gem lettuce, goats cheese, tomatoes, a lemon olive oil dressing and we added chicken. For the main we went with the goat cheese, mozzarella, pancetta, walnut and MAPLE SYRUP pizza. The salad came out in no time and was wonderful. Each of us were speeding up our bites to make sure the other person didn't get more than their fair share! Very good portion as well. Shortly afterward our pizza arrived and it was perfectly thin and crispy. The maple syrup was kind of a back ground flavour so the pizza was not too sweet and the pancetta and walnuts were a wonderful addition. We did not leave a single bite. Our friends ordered the crispy pancetta, walnut, rocket and spinach salad with a honey vinaigrette and the anchovies, mozzarella, tomatoes, capers and green olives pizza. Both dishes looked lovely and they too ate every bite. I didn't catch what our third pair ordered but they also seemed pleased with their choice. Overall we had wonderful food and great customer service. I would definitely recommend adding this to the end of a Cliff Walk experience or even just popping down the DART for an evening meal. 
2014-05-23 | (100%)Sylwester Z. Said: 
Absolutely lovely pizza...one of the best I had in Ireland...highly recommended... 
